

this can maybe jsut coded so no fun in that 
so what is the purpose of this
We dont want the most eficient we want a way to deal 
Problem
Unexpected valeus 
the value in that in cnn is identification + clustering + task asingment.


MNIST via spectral clustering / via random amount of pixel chossen how likely
it is to find one on top.
given the proportion of ink of number.
How the lenght.
Spliting the number on even places . 
Things to reenvision the problem
Onestly the TML might be a god way .

Solving snake at a diferent level
How its learning
Efitienty asking for a software that solves it 
The Scoring fucntion

Priorize .
Making the fruit less valuable is not good o ntime.
Death as to be less valuable
Making square repetition a bad move.
Precalculating death
	Meaning sometimes a decisions is death but not instantly and might
lack to recognise the factor.
	Efitienty.	
	Situations 
		Spliting the diferent places of the snake 
		Split is the problem
		On the left space
		The generation of the fruit is on the amount of free space ? 
		Go for your tail if not enought space? 
So how to model this on a score function
	How to make the cnn uderstand.
punish on spliting multiples .
make it starve and worse score final if death by starvation happens if it doesnt reach on 40 steps increase the this number up to
400 in late game .
Maybe this wont work bacause it doesnt learn the cause of death its foing well
until no more, maybe make the squares near the fruit more valuable so it tends
to gravitate there? but this would infer with the split section tail
chassing... 
CNN only captates the image 
So we need a way to rerepresent the features give them coloring in fucntion of
were the tail is or not if the screen gets split ?


Problem the cnn rewards point on each direction
Not on the code building .
Not on the rule extractor .
We need a way to make it generate paterns not to rank idependent samples .
i
Agent making of snakes :____: CNN are good at identification not code building
not resource extracting  
